TODO

-Make AI faster in the beginning of the game, and use the fact, that
 in later game the search tree is smaller and therefore the search can
 be deeper (one may even search exhaustively for a winning turn from a
 certain point).

-For the beginning of the game precalculated tables may be used, to
 decrease the time at the cost of harddisk space (it should be a
 feature of the program to create such tables, and to use them, if
 present)

-Breadth first search for AI. Especially useful in the beginning to
 simulate faster.

-Perhaps some more evaluation criteria (like sheep-locked fields).
 This would especially be useful to let the computer player play more
 strategically (prelocking fields were the means that just let me win
 against the computer tigers. Sheep-locked fields have one nasty
 aspect: they are somewhat difficult to calculate and take more turns
 to be set up than usually can be calculated ahead, so perhaps some
 explicit approach should be taken to add strategic intelligence

-The first try to account for sheep controlled fields is a bit slow
 yet ...  and I am afraid the algorithm does not what it should do
 ... but just a little more time ... it is even worth a try to make
 the available fields the primary measure ... no left fields to move
 to is equivalent to four trapped tigers, but is a more strategic and
 less tactic point of view

-The need for more strategic playing sheep gets obvious when you
 demonstrate that the depth 6 sheep ai does not win against the depth
 2 tiger ai (also a deeper lookahead in the endgame, when it is
 feasible to calculate it, will probably be neccessary)

-A nicer user interface and a user interface and a cleaner interface
 for programs to avoid states, which freeze the client. The nicest
 thing would be a query/answer system.

-Better memory management, perhaps randomization of indifferent turns.
 This would make a game against the AI more interesting.

-Think about ways to speedup the turn generator and remove the code
 duplication in the functions genmoves_sheep, genmoves_tiger and
 blocked_tigers

-Apologies for the tabs in indentations ... one of the first things
 done after a reinstall, and it seems I've forgotten to tell emacs not
 to use tabs. (And I thought I had copied my .emacs)

-Finally I hope everybody has a C99 compilant compiler around ... it
 could get messy to port this code to an older C dialect
